Luke moves along the railing and up to the control room.

Vader lunges at him and Luke immediately raises his lit sword to meet 
Vader's.  Sparks fly as they duel, Vader gradually forcing Luke 
backward toward the gantry.

				VADER
		You are beaten.  It is useless 
		to resist.  Don't let yourself 
		be destroyed as Obi-Wan did.

Luke answers by rolling sideways and thrusting his sword at Vader so 
viciously that he nicks Vader on the shoulder.  The black armor sparks 
and smokes and Vader seems to be hurt, but immediately recovers.

Luke backs off along the narrow end of the gantry as Vader comes at 
him, slashing at the young Jedi with his sword.  Luke makes a quick 
move around the instrument complex attached to the end of the gantry.  
Vader's sword comes slashing down, cutting the complex loose; it begins 
to fall, then is caught by the rising wind and blown upward.

Luke glances at the instrument complex floating away.  At that instant, 
Vader's sword comes down across Luke's right forearm, cutting off his 
hand and sending his sword flying.  In great pain, Luke squeezes his 
forearm under his left armpit and moves back along the gantry to its 
extreme end.  Vader
follows.  The wind subsides.  Luke holds on.  There is nowhere else to 
go.  

				VADER
		There is no escape.  Don't make 
		me destroy you.  You do not yet 
		realize your importance.  You 
		have only begun to discover your 
		power.  Join me and I will complete 
		your training.  With our combined 
		strength, we can end this destructive 
		conflict and bring order to the 
		galaxy.

				LUKE
		I'll never join you!

				VADER
		If you only knew the power of the 
		dark side.  Obi-Wan never told 
		you what happened to your father.

				LUKE
		He told me enough!  It was you 
		who killed him.

				VADER
		No.  I am your father.

Shocked, Luke looks at Vader in utter disbelief.

				LUKE
		No.  No.  That's not true!  
		That's impossible!

				VADER
		Search your feelings.  You know 
		it to be true.

				LUKE
		No!  No!  No!

				VADER
		Luke.  You can destroy the Emperor.
		He has foreseen this.  It is your 
		destiny.  Join me, and together 
		we can rule the galaxy as father 
		and son.  Come with me.  It is the 
		only way.

Vader puts away his sword and holds his hand out to Luke.

A calm comes over Luke, and he makes a decision.  In the next instant 
he steps off the gantry platform into space.  The Dark Lord looks over 
the platform and sees Luke falling far below.  The wind begins to blow 
at Vader's cape and the torrent finally forces him back, away from the 
edge.  The wind soon fades and the wounded Jedi begins to drop fast, 
unable to grab onto anything to break his fall.
